Update EIP-3670: Drop "terminating" instruction restriction (#6053)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-3670.md

This feature is introduced on the very same block EIP-3540 is enabled, therefore every EOF1-compatible bytecode MUST be validated according to these rules.

1. Previously deprecated instructions `CALLCODE` (0xf2) and `SELFDESTRUCT` (0xff) are invalid and their opcodes do not have any instruction assigned.

> 2. At contract creation time *instructions validation* is performed on both *initcode* and *code*. The code is invalid if any of the checks below are failed. For each instruction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At contract creation time *instructions validation* is performed on both *initcode* and *code*. The code is invalid if any of the checks below fails. For each instruction:
```

>    1. Check if the opcode is defined.

Reviewer: Maybe keep the note about `INVALID`?

- EOF code with data section containing bytes that are undefined instructions
- Legacy code containing undefined instruction
- Legacy code ending with incomplete PUSH instruction

### Invalid codes

- EOF code containing undefined instruction
- EOF code ending with incomplete `PUSH` instruction
    - This can include `PUSH` instruction unreachable by execution, e.g. after `STOP`

## Reference Implementation

```python

> from eip3540 import ValidationException

Reviewer: I omitted this import from other eips, I think it only takes space

Author: Done.
